Update faq.md (#934)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/akeneo-event-platform/faq.md

# FAQ
### What are the limits of subscriptions & subscribers?

The **only** Event Platform limits are: 

- Up to 20 subscribers per PIM instance
- Up to 20 subscriptions per subscribers

### Is the order of events guaranteed?

> Yes and no. From a sequence perspective, yes, but if there's an issue with the API or the PIM and the event doesn't go through on the first attempt but only after a retry, then no, we can't guarantee the sequence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes and no. From a sequence perspective, yes, but if there's an issue with your destination and the event doesn't go through on the first attempt but only after a retry, then no, we can't guarantee the sequence. 
```

> It will never be completely reliable because the risk factors are beyond our control. Therefore, you should verify the publish time of the event to make sure that it was received in good order.

Reviewer: cette phrase ne donne pas confiance 

```suggestion
Our event platform is reliable and resilient, however we cannot guarantee this for the destination you may configure.
Consequently, and especially in the case of a retried event, you should check the id and the time of publication of the event to process it properly.
```

> ### What are the subscription channels proposed for the Event Platform? Can I request another one?

Reviewer: Channels ou destination ?.

Subscription channels:

- HTTPS - generic
- GCP Pub Sub

We will add other subscription channels based on feedback.

### What does it mean that we guarantee at least once delivery?

> One of the core principles of the Event Platform is the concept of delivering at least once. This approach ensures that events **are always delivered**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the core principles of the Event Platform is the concept of delivering at least once. This approach ensures that events **are always delivered** in accordance with our [retry policy](/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.html#retry-policies) . 
```

Working under the assumption of at least once delivery, especially within the context of an event-driven architecture, is a responsible approach to reliably processing events, and this is what we want to provide to our customers and partners. 

**Why "At-Least Once" Delivery?**
In the "at-least once" delivery model, an event may be sent multiple times. This can happen if the event platform doesn't receive a confirmation of successful receipt from the destination (such as an HTTP 200 status or a Pub/Sub acknowledgement). For instance, we send a message that is received and processed by the destination, but if the event platform does not get the acknowledgement, it will retry sending the message to ensure delivery.

### What happens if my app or connection is removed from the PIM?

> Your subscriber and all linked subscriptions are removed (revoked).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your subscriber and all linked subscriptions are removed (revoked). you will be notified by email ... 
```

### Can we pause the event reception when our target destination is under maintenance or unavailable?

> Yes, you can call the API to suspend your subscription and stop receiving messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can call the API to suspend your subscription and stop receiving messages. [more details](/akeneo-event-platform/best-practices.html#suspending-and-resuming-subscriptions-during-migration)
```
